Glue documentation review (#1456)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/sdk/dev/vcs.md

> # VCS Connector

Author: ```suggestion
---
title: VCS connector
description: The VCS connector feature for the Spryker SDK.
template: concept-topic-template
---
# VCS Connector
```

---
title: VCS connector

> description: The VCS connector feature for the Spryker SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: VCS connector lets you use a different VCS system with a single command interface.
```
More meaningful meta descriptions would be better. Meta descriptions appear first in the google search results and are useful for users to understand if they should read the doc

Author: I'll reach out to the team for further detail on the VCS connector's functions and amend this!

Reviewer: you can leave it as I changed it, that's ok :)

template: concept-topic-template
---

> # VCS Connector

Reviewer: Same here for the title, please delete it

> VCS Connector is a feature that lets you use a different VCS system with a single command interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VCS Connector lets you use a different VCS system with a single command interface.
```

## How to run a VCS

> Use the following commands for tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a VCS, do the following:
```

> - To run a task: ```spryker-sdk vcs:clone```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To run a task, use this command:
```shell
spryker-sdk vcs:clone
```
```

> - To run a task: `spryker-sdk vcs:clone`

Reviewer: - Run the command:
```bash
spryker-sdk vcs:clone
```

Reviewer: it is recommended to enclose commands in ```

> - To run a task: `spryker-sdk vcs:clone`

Author: ```suggestion
- To run a task: ```spryker-sdk vcs:clone```
```

>  - Fill in the repository and select a specific VCS as prompted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fill in the repository and select a specific VCS as prompted.
```

>   - After executing the command, you will be prompted to fill in the repository and select a specific vcs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fill in the repository and select a specific VCS as prompted.
```

## Where to find the cloned project

> All project are cloned in temporary `var/tmp` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All projects are cloned to the temporary `var/tmp` directory.
```

> All project will be cloned in temporary `var/tmp` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All project are cloned in temporary `var/tmp` directory.
```

https://developers.google.com/style/tense?authuser=0&hl=vi

---
title: VCS connector
description: The VCS connector feature for the Spryker SDK.
template: concept-topic-template
---

> VCS Connector

Reviewer: Please delete this title. Also, add this file to the sidebar
